[Canvas] Expression reveal image. (#101987)
elastic/kibana: src/plugins/expression_reveal_image/README.md

# expressionRevealImage

> Expression Reveal Image plugin is an extracted Canvas chart. It is registrating the `revealImage` chart, expression elements, functions and views to canvas and expression plugins.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Expression Reveal Image plugin adds a `revealImage` function to the expression plugin and an associated renderer.  The renderer will display the given percentage of a given image.
```
